cashapp Pay module/component (#1197)
Adyen/adyen-ios: Adyen.docc/Installation.md

The `AdyenWeChatPay` module needs to be explicitly added to support WeChat Pay.
The `AdyenSwiftUI` module needs to be explicitly added to use the SwiftUI specific helpers.

> * `AdyenDropIn`: all modules except `AdyenWeChatPay` `AdyenCashAppPay`, `AdyenSwiftUI` and `AdyenSession`.
> * `AdyenSession`: handler for the simplified checkout flow.
> * `AdyenCard`: the card components.
> * `AdyenComponents`: all other payment components except WeChat Pay.
> * `AdyenActions`:  action components.
> * `AdyenEncryption`: encryption.
> * `AdyenWeChatPay`: WeChat Pay component.
> * `AdyenCashAppPay`: Cash App Pay component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AdyenDropIn`: a pre-built UI solution for showing all payment methods as a list and accepting them in one flow.
* `AdyenSession`: fastest integration, requires you to make one API request to [/sessions](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/Checkout/latest/post/sessions) endpoint.
* `AdyenComponents`: a collection of components for collecting shopper's payment data.
* `AdyenCard`: a collection of components for collecting card-based shopper's payment data.
* `AdyenActions`:  a collection of components for additional action handling.
* `AdyenEncryption`: a client side encryption helpers.
* `AdyenWeChatPay`: WeChat Pay component.
* `AdyenCashAppPay`: Cash App Pay component.
```

Author: That looks like it could be its own PR (the one where we include Session in the default PR)

Reviewer: Fair enought!
